deron melbou 28 years old young entrepreneur in
the head of the first tablet made in
africa my great pride
it was hard but I will do in the
life you have to know how to fight and defend
his ideas that's what I always
thought but never I would not have that
I would have come to my friends
can not go to europe
hamon stay here because you know what
in europe when you open the taps
it's not lots flowing it's
honey on board in europe in the sands
it's not the leaves that grew from
money falls on the ground and I
picked up
they go shopping with at
supermarket ah good but yes friends that
grows in the fields like oaks
carole confiscated
but I pick up the pharmacies but he
go back sapped like a salary we
wanted to murder him
this guy of the West is one of
superhero scared like that you 're not a
how could you have been
to have that so I'm Congolese it's
me that fills it is that the images of
crocodiles is already a this opponent gala
of the African that I hate the one who
think nothing is possible in africa
and two they speak to me badly of
the West and every idea also that
this man jumped out of his mouth from them
to slap each time you are very mixed
Westerners who make work
no